the bunker cooks instead of cooking and cooking
they know that
if they cook meat or vegetables and fry or stew meat
after a nice things not even her clothes and her hair after kitchens
stew
not so with Borea ventilation technology
This means no more fogging of the glasses
With Bora the haze hoodless hood, cook them in fresh air rather than in
cooked us
Bora is proven to deflate more effectively than any known extractor hood
below
the cook falls off of Bora
sucks the cooks us exactly where it arises just on the flag
or during the day
through the specially developed slow-speed motors is bores
believably bar
with the high-quality gags made of solid stainless steel
The deduction of Bucher can be set to 5 different levels
the noise level is significantly lower than any internal one
Hood
This is especially beneficial for open plan kitchens
Bucher is also good that clinically
with conventional attachment assembly
penetrates through the capillary action
always put liquid under the hob
At Bucher this is impossible to install flush
The cleaning is wonderfully easy too
All three moving parts are without tools
easy to remove
and of course also suitable for the dishwasher
Howard cooktops are resigned to heat-solid silicones
This can also pull out hot pots on the hob
and if they should over something over a pan or a pot over
also no problem
First, the liquid runs over the hob
but with the 3-millimeter overflow protection, the journey is usually over
and if anything should happen, they can do it comfortably
from the overflow channel in the sealed overflow tub with a
Remove the sheets
after use, the fathers are slightly pale of flow
So a lid appreciated ideal for open kitchen the closed system
from Bora says so
So when they are done with cooking and this is caught in the representatives
has been
Does not it sound open in the room
but is closed by means of the baffles and is no longer closed
smell
in other systems, the article often hangs for months in the room
unlike conventional art extractor in the most at eye level
attached are the 4 also when pulled off
a lot of convivial cooking and i can cook for my guests in the
Eyes look without anything bothering me
Another plus is the simple reduced that are
With drills, the kitchen can be realized as a beautiful possible completely new
Kitchen plans without visible extractor hood are now possible
her dream kitchen stepson nothing more in the way also no hanging fume hood and
that means no head will be bumped
also the communication is better especially if at the kitchen island one
small bar is planned
as a prophet hoped to write the usual on large herds
that is why it was not so often it is also seriously injured too
Home with 2 4 can not work on a field at the same time
Furrer hobs are in very induction at guest
and a powerful Titan Green available
the drill pulled off the hob
works with exceptionally low nato-blasts
from 200 to maximum
400 cubic meters and is particularly good for low-energy and
passive houses
due to the robust design
with fine stainless steel mechanics
the drills vents as maintenance free
Almost all parts are made in Australia stainless steel
The assembly is very simple
a few simple steps are enough for installation
using highly effective activated carbon cartridges from the catering industry
is the borate hob deduction
both in exhaust air
as well as in recirculation mode use
none of the currently available on the market cooker hoods is also
only approximately as effective as the drill hob deducted
The cooker Küchenprofi convinces the extractor without work
in their vicinity
from the incredible advantages of the drill hob extractor at one
live demonstration